James and Jill Roleplay Dec 7th.





https://www.facebook.com/RealJamesHayes/videos/632765965722329?idorvanity=1682234072138827





Yellow = Objection
Green = Remove the Logical Foundation of the Objection + Reframe

Blue = Clarification

Orange = Confirmation on the Program

Light Red = Commitment and Responsibility/Tie Down (To a Specific Meaning)

Purple = Reverse Buy in (Selling themselves)

—------------------------------------

Jumped Straight in… They were burned before. And they want to use a Different Process to make Decisions now. Add Extra Time… 



I made decisions quickly in the past… and it didn’t work out for me..  This Time I want to take 24 hours 



Okay, so it’s an arbitrary thing… do you truly believe that what we do is going to give you want you want this time round? Or is there anything else that is coming up for you that is giving you any uncertainty whatsoever?



No it sounds good, I just know that last time I moved fast… and It didn’t work out for me…so right now I’m just taking more time and making decisions. And from what you've given me it sounds great. I’m certain that I’m going to do it.. It’s just gonna take 24 hours. 



	

So can you think of any reason that 24 hours rolls by and you dont com in?

	

Not at the moment	



so it's a Random 24 hour wait for no reason... you truly believe that this is exactly what you need ... but you want to take 24 hours away... from picking up your lottery ticket....is that what i'm hearing... 	



Not Really	



because that is what it sounds like	



It's just that i don't want to rush it... if you can send me the link... I might even make the payment in 2 hours... I just need to make sure that this isn't an impulsive decision..like I used to do before	and Impulsive decision... ? 



How do you mean?	



You know I just heard the information there	



Okay, will the information is just the information... I mean in terms off you actually getting t oXYA  Goal... do you feel that that is an Impulsive decision..? Y/N



	No that is why I booked this call	



But Again book the call is only step 1, you can buy a gym membership but if you don't get under the bar you;e not going to get any muscle Right? The Question is do you actually want to get your business to 20 month or do you want to be one of those people that is always jumping on calls , watching podcasts... always watching motivational videos... but isn't actually putting in the Work and making the hard decisions of where they want to be? Cant Imagine you want to be one of those, right?



no of course not	



Why not though? Cause you could	



Because obviously I want to Scale the business	



Are you Sure? Because it sounds like you Kinda want to Scale the business, but you have some level of hesitation  from actually doing the Steps required... because whether or not you want to... or Not want to... it makes no difference... words thoughts desire... it doesn't make any difference.. the only thing you actually separates you from having the future of the man that is making 20k month from his business and the man that is doing the exact thing he's been doing is the decisions that he makes...right  here right now...  so that version of you that actually has that confidence and decision making who has that ability to pull in 20 k month.Quarter Million Dollars a Year for him and His Family... with the Confidence in his Decision making,.. based on what you;ve seen so far... what decision do you feel he would want you to make right here right now... and it's probably not make a decision based on fear.. 	



I'd say I'm 80% Ready, I;ve been through Programs and I made a Decision Right Away...  after this it was all Trash... I want to review everything... but i wouldn't be here if I wouldn't feel that i was the right thing for me	



When you went through tat Program... whether you made that decision Then or 2 horus lAter.. you still went through that Program.. it would have been trash either way... 	



Yea	



so the time didn't make a Difference either way...	



hm	



the question is do you feel like you;ve actually Learned from what you;ve done in the past...or do you feel ike you have the exact same wisdom as you did back then... and you don't actually know what you're looking for... 	



No obviously i make more research this time around.. and last time it Didn't 	



So based on the resarch that you;ve done... what is Actaully left? Aside from that Fear, because 24 hours you;re going to be feeling he exact same way... 	



No it's not Fear, its the reasoning... I've read books that said that you need ot sleep on decisions that you make... and that you need to mmove smart... this time around I want to be smart, review my notes and make sure that it is the right thing for me... 	



How will you know if it is the right thing until you do it?	



I guess Gut Feeling..	



so with your Gut Feeling do you feel that what we do is Actually gonig to get you the result? because that is really just a yes or no



	-	



You can tell me No, that's fine, 	



No I do	



I'm not gonig to Beat around the bush... because people com ein here they know what we have and they are commited to what we have and to getting the Result... and from what I'm hearing... it sounds like your Past Baggage is what is holding you back.. from being the person that takes action and gets the rseult.. now if that is going to be the case... we're not gonig to be able to help you... but if you do want to change that... then it is gonig to take different decision than that you;ve done so far...RIght? if you don't want to do this that is FINE. you can tell me no.   But this Whole Hesitating and Indicision... will kill you in business because right now this is a 5k Dcision...  when we get you to 20K month and when you;re hirin teams... it is going tobe a 50k Decisions... and those decisions... you're competition is going to be making a lot quicker than you are...unless you change  how you operate. the question is do you want to get into this business and get to 20k and then kill the whole business because of how you make decisions... and can't keep up with your copetition... yes or no. 



No obviously I don't want to	



Are you Sure?



	Yes, but James	



Well then who do you acutally need to becoem? who do you acutally need to become in order to have the results that you want to have? because if you keep doing the same thins that you keep doing... you keep doing the things that haven't been working you're gonig to keep getting the same results... right... so what acutally needs to change in order for you to acutally become that entrepenure that you want to be?	



Yeah of course I need to make a change... 	



You don't need to do anyting...  but the question is do you want to?



	Yeah I want to...	



Why do you want to?	



Yeah, I just want to make sure that I's not Emotional decision	



All Decisions are Emotional	



What do you mean?	



All decisions are emotinoal, that is a Fact of Life, I'm sure if ou read those books that'll tell you it's a fact of Life... that Decisions are made with emotion and are justified with Logic... Right?									



Yeah I Also want to make sure that everything si Alighend, and that I took time... 	



Well that is a Different thing... what do you feel isnt alighned? based on what we've gone over?	



At the moment there is nothngi that I can see that is not aligned	



Nothing that we have gone over is going to change in the next 24 horus... right? so if nothign is not aligned right now and in 24 hours... then what is acutally left?	



-	



I can go around the Houes buddy, but do you acutally want to do this? If you don't you can tell me no. i'm not gonig to beat around the bush... what is acutally coming up for you that is giving you hesitation aside from all the girls that broke your heart in the past?	



No I do, I do want to do it



Why do you want to do it? Just answer me that	



Because I need to make that Change.	



No you don't need to. You can stay where you are... if yo uwant... becaues it sounds like that is what you want to do... with all due respect... because workds are the Cheapes form of Communication at the end of the day... all the changes anr your Resutls are.. when you wake up tomorrow are gonig to be the decisions that you made today... the question is do you want to keep having the same results from th esame decison maknig process or do you want to haev a different result?	



Yea, My Decisio making process was quick and it lead me to this positiion where I didn't get the result that I wanted... and I might have othe quesitons	



You;re alwas going to have other questions..you;re not gonig to know everything... by the time you know everything the opporunity is already gone.. and the competieion has eaten your breakfast... the diffreence between you and people inside doing 20k month is the decisons that they made... they didn;t knwo everyrnig.. but the results that you wan tto have didn;t ome from the decison making process that have. and it's not the one that your making right now. So if you want those results... it takes different deisions ... if you don't want those results that is fine... but you can't have both. So which do you want?



I want the resilts 	



Are you sure	



yeah	



so those results come with certain conseqhencees. and oneof those is acutally making decisions... so if you want those results...  are you willing to make that decision. Yes or no.



The Decision is almost done int my head	



Amost is still a no. Alomst isn't a decision	



I don't want to make it with pressure 	



Bueinsss is Presssure. 



That is the Difference btween and Entrepenur nad an Employee... Entrepenurs have that pressure. If you wnat ot have that responsibility...  it IS gonig o come with pressure. If you don't it's fine... but you can't hav the Results without that Rsponsibility. and if you want to make that transition and become an entrepenur... it's going to take different decisions  and it's gonigto take pressure. So who do you want to be?	



I want to be the entrepenur	



Are you sure? Because it sounds like you're just talking about it	



I don't have 100k to give you... I just need to make sure that... this is the right decision... 



That is a Different conversation.... this sin't a 100k Decision... this is a 5k Decision... so is it th ecase that you don't have the 5k Liquid? or is it something else?	



NO I have it, but	



Okay let's take that and pt it over there... what is acutally coming up. Because that isn't really a part of it now its it?	



I have th Money... but I cat just throw it at this	



You can throw it at me all you want but you'll not get the Result. oney is the Easust part... the question is are you actually gonig to put in thre work... to get the result?	



Yeah 100%	



Okay, so then what is left?	



-	



Do you feel jill that if you show up and pput in the work that yu're gonig to get the result this tim around? because that's really just yes or no	



Can  Igive you my yesy before the end of today? and go from there	



you can give me a yes in 2026 if you want , the questions is how much longer do you wnat 5k to be a worry for you?	



It's not really a worry, it's just that the reality of the situatino	What is the reality of the situation	I dont't have a Million bucks	



5 Mins ago it was 100k now its  a million, this isn't that. i'ts a 5 k prrogram. waht is acuatlly going on? like man o man... off the record



 (Stop the recording) 



What is acutally coming up for you? If we can fix it we can fix it... if we can't we cant... but I'm sure you don't want to go another 40 mins around the houses cause i deninitely don't want to . If you want the result... and you beleive what we do is going to get you there... then what needs to change? in order ot get the result?	



I need to change.	



You don't need to . the question is to you want to? Yes or no? 	



I want to	



Okay, so can I challenge you enough to grab yourself by the balls and acutally step up and becoem the man that entrepenur that you want to be? Yes or no	



Yes, can you give me like an hour	



No you can fuck off. we've already had an hour. you're not getting another one.

	*Note from James… Don’t say this on Calls. 

		







—----------------



You Can Plant Hooks Earlier in the Call… ie Future Pace… and bring them up in Objections if needed (Do you feel accountability is needed when facing uncertainty…. “Yes” -> Objection Handle can use that)



We Don’t “Pre-Handle” Objections… we Get Leverage for Objections. And Typically when we get Leverage we don’t need to use it in Objections.

 (Think Cole Gordon’s Objectless Close. It Really isn’t Objectionless… it’s Just getting the Leverage Needed and in the Process you Decrease the need to actually use the Leverage at the end)

 Doing the Work Earlier on the Call…Makes Objections so Much Easier.